Add Verilator dependency (#123)
freechipsproject/chisel-template: README.md

#### JDK 8 or newer

We recommend LTS releases Java 8 and Java 11. You can install the JDK as your operating system recommends, or use the prebuilt binaries from [AdoptOpenJDK](https://adoptopenjdk.net/).

#### SBT or mill

> SBT is the most commonly built tool in the Scala community. You can download it [here](https://www.scala-sbt.org/download.html).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SBT is the most common build tool in the Scala community. You can download it [here](https://www.scala-sbt.org/download.html).  
```

mill is another Scala/Java build tool without obscure DSL like SBT. You can download it [here](https://github.com/com-lihaoyi/mill/releases)

#### Verilator

> The test with `svsim` needs Verilator installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test with `svsim` needs Verilator installed.
See Verilator installation instructions [here](https://verilator.org/guide/latest/install.html).
```
